Procrastination, the opiate of the masses in the 21st century.

Procrastination, made worse by the fact that COVID-19 has shut me off from the outside world.

Procrastination, I had enough of it.

I made a resolution to write an essay once every two day at the very least.

So that I may stay productive and at the same time hone and improve my critical thinking and writing skills.

I picked up my pen. But the ink flows not. 

After all, procrastination is the opiate of the masses. And throughout my life I have been subjected to its relapse.

And every time I go back into rehab, procrastination tempts me yet again. 

A thought popped up in my mind.

What if there are other people who share the same resolution?

What if there are other people who share the same problem as I do?

Wouldn't it be nice if there exists a platform for like-minded individuals to mutually encourage one another to persevere with the gruelling routine whenever temptations and excuses supplant our capricious resolve?

How about a platform that also allow users to share their own creations, receive appraisals from others and appreciate the trove of content generated by the community, such that in the process we may learn from one another and together emerge a better person than before?

In the midst of COVID-19, it is easy to lose sight of our goals and our ends in life. Self-improvement is paramount especially during these trying times. A good place to start would be the #twoessaysperdaychallenge. 

Thus, Opus is born. 
